Threading

1. Thread is the small unit of Process.
2. one Process is divided into n number of Thread.
3. Each Thread in Java have there own Stack Frame where each Method call .the method and there local varible gets store into that 
	Stack Frame.
	so if two thread are executing same run method of same class by creating two different thread's.than both thread are having there own
		local varibles and objects which will gets initilize inside that method.

4. Synchronized Keyword
	1.Synchronized Keyword is used in Method,Block or etc. It use to acquire that lock on object or method.
	  actally it is used to make sure that only one thread will gets enterd into that area (Whatever that we written into that block)
	  so other thread will wait untill thread whcih is running inside this will complete there execution.
	  we can also make Object Synchronized to make sure that only thread will get access to it.
	2. wait() and notify() could ba only allow inside Synchronized.
	3.  inside synchronized method or block the thread will acquire the lock on that method or we can say on block or Object.
	4. If we are not acquir lock on the Particular object and call wait() or notify() method on that object than it will 
		throw Invalid Monitor State Exception.

5. wait() and notify()
	wait : It tells the calling thread to give up the lock and go to sleep until some other thread enters the same
	monitor and calls notify().
	
	notify : It wakes up one single thread that call wait() on same object. it should be noted that calling notify() does not actually give
			a lock on resource.it tells the waiting thread that thread can wake up..However,the lock is not given until the notifier's 
			synchronized block has completed.	

	
	so if notifier calls notify() on a resource but the notifier still needs 10 seconds of action on the resource within its synchronized block,
	the thread that had been waiting will nedd to wait at least another additional 10 seconds for notifier to release the lock on the object.'
	even though notify() had been called.
	
	
	
	IllegalMonitorStateException : When you try to call wait() while without holding the objects or wait() is called  without inside Synchronized.
	
	
	